Update Office 365 TI connection office-365-ti.md (#12420)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/office-365-ti.md

When you turn on this feature, you'll be able to incorporate data from Microsoft Defender for Office 365 into Microsoft 365 Defender to conduct a comprehensive security investigation across Office 365 mailboxes and Windows devices.

> [!NOTE]

> > This setting is no longer functional in security.microsoft.com portal and will be deprecated soon. Users can still see MDO data in security portal and are advised not to use this setting it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This setting is no longer functional in the Microsoft 365 Defender portal at <https://security.microsoft.com> and will be deprecated soon. Users can still see Microsoft Defender for Office 365 data in the security portal and are advised not to use this setting. 
```
